Good morning family. How are y'all
doing today? Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining me. I was out
praying today and I was talking
to the Lord, just getting direction for
this channel and
listening, being quiet, listening about
the economy and where we
are. He said, 'Brandon, you
don't realize, but I've assembled some
of the greatest prayer warriors of this
generation on this channel, and there
are
a lot of you who are veterans that have
been praying for decades and
know how to pray.'He said,
'Brandon, I've called you to come on here
and lead them into
prayer. They know more than you—a lot
of them know more than
you—but
they're here to pray with you. I've
assembled them here to pray with
you.'It
was like a
slap in the head, just like
'duh,'you
know? The words that
He's giving me, folks—the words that
He's talking to me about regarding the great
shaking, the great awakening,
the economy, and the
shelves—they are
things
to pray
about.
I'm getting pieces; I'm getting
corrected, y'all. So, I'm just
letting you all in on my world.
He said to me, 'I've called you
to be a prophetic
intercessor.'He
came to me and said,
'Brandon, look at these trade wars
going on right now. I told
you about these back in 2023 to
warn you.'He said, 'So
what are you going to do about
it?'That
was several
days ago, about a week or so ago,
and I said, 'Well, I guess I'll bring
it and start praying over
it.'The
moment we started to attack
that in the spirit realm, it started to
shift and change. The Lord said to
me, 'Look at the fruit of what you're
doing.
There's fruit in what I've called
you to do. Look, they're all of a sudden
in Switzerland
talking.'All
these weeks have gone by, and
if there's a trade war,
there's going to be a deficit. There are going
to be empty
shelves, folks.
I just
took it as, 'Well, that's going to
happen; it's set in
stone.'There
will
be prescription shortages
throughout America and you won't be able
to get your medicine. So, when we
started praying against that, look what
happened with the prescription
medicines.
Donald Trump
said
today, 'Hey, we're going to
lower the price of prescriptions and
make them inexpensive for
you—some
of them by
80%.'We
started praying into
prescriptions and they suddenly
started
dropping in price. He starts
doing stuff with prescription
medicines—not
a shortage, but God's trying to
bless His people as we started praying
for them. Then China and America start
saying, 'Hey, we're going to negotiate
in Switzerland.'All these major things
start happening as these
great prayer warriors
assemble
together praying.
I'm sorry,
folks. I don't want to be
critical of anybody until I
look
at my own life and say, 'Lord,
forgive me for being
ignorant.'He
shows me
these things and I've said,
'Well, it's to pray about
it.'No,
really, seriously,
Goofy—you're
supposed to really pray about
this stuff.
After he showed me the
change in that, he said, 'Pray for
Trump and what's going to happen in the
Middle
East.'There
are
major things that will happen with
digital assets. You need to pray over
these
things that will not be released
all at once, but they're working on
something for a wealth transfer. I told
you Saudi Arabia and the Middle East will
rise up out of the ashes. They'll become
the superpowers of the earth.
What started in the
Middle East with the Garden of Eden will
finish in the Middle East.
Iraq,
Syria,
Jordan, Israel,
Turkey, and Egypt will start to
rise up financially on
the global stage.
I've warned you about this.
I'm
going to play a clip for you right now,
and I want you to think about what
the Spirit of
the Lord warned us back in
2024. I told you that Putin
had those
playing cards and was looking
behind
them.
He was
devising a plan, watching over the
next four years to strategize
like a poker game to dominate
the world stage
with the BRICS nations. During
their Russia Day
celebration,
he invited
Venezuela. I warned you about Venezuela.
'Oh, poor Venezuela, come up out
of there. We'll
bring you into the
BRICS.'Cuba,
Iran, North Korea,
China, and all these other nations
that have been the outcasts. 'Come
in, brothers. You've been
outcasts.
Let's join up together and
create our own global currency
and
global financial
system.'I
saw these
men behind closed doors devising an evil
plan of how they could rise up.
Some of these people are very evil,
communist
men.
Look
at
Kim Jong-un; he is a very
evil man. Look at how he treats his
people. You see Iran,
Venezuela, and
Cuba.
These people are outcasts for a
reason. They're going to Russia
for
a
secret meeting.
Look
at the faces that I warned you were going
to be there. This was back in
2024.
In Moscow today,
a show of force.
Vladimir Putin's
Russia ties
victory over
Germany to today's confrontation with
the West. On display is what
Moscow considers a new world
order: an alliance of autocracies led by
China and Russia with the
help of North Korea.
Russia has been and will continue to be
an indestructible wall against Nazism,
Russophobia, and anti-Semitism.
Yesterday, Putin and Xi
Jinping
further cemented what they call their 'no
limits'partnership.
They released a
joint statement pledging to
decisively counter Washington's dual
containment and
demanding a Ukraine settlement that
eliminates
its root causes.
China will join Russia in shouldering a
special responsibility and promote an
equal and orderly multipolar world. And
that just shows that they're standing
back to back and supporting each other
in this order that used to be
America-centered
and now it's increasingly up
for grabs. Alexander Gabuev directs the
Carnegie Russia Eurasia Center and says Xi
Jinpin
and Putin cannot be separated and
believe time is on their side. The arrival
of Donald Trump brings in itself a lot
of unpredictability but also a lot of
opportunities for them. Xi Jinping and
Vladimir Putin feel very emboldened and
they know that working together is the
surest
way to deliver this
post-Pax
Americana, a new multipolar world order
where they will be standing tall,
dominating their respective regions. Now
we're back and look at that. I told you
all that this was coming, that Putin was
devising a plan. So much so that they
had to put a roof over them so that
the drones couldn't fly in, making sure
that those terrorist people... Oh, and
then he said
al-Qaeda is no longer
labeled a terrorist organization to the
Russian people. They no longer
care.
That means all of Afghanistan, the
outcasts in Afghanistan, are now becoming
brothers with Russia. 'Oh, we'll
invite you in. We're going to make it a
law that you're no longer going to be
terrorist organizations because the West
calls you that. You're going to be our
friends.'They're
trying to make buddies.
Do you see that?
Just like the Lord said they
would. And I saw them rising up as a
beast system with Saudi Arabia in the
days ahead. And I heard the prince of
Saudi Arabia say, 'I will put America
underneath my
boot.'He's
playing two-faced. Yes, there
are trillion-dollar
deals being
done. Yes, they
want to pump their economy up in the
Middle East with that long,
skinny-looking
building. They're building that
with that one tower or one world or
whatever they're calling it, that
weird-looking
structure that they're putting
through the desert. They're doing
all these things and they know it's
going to take funding for that. But
folks, they're getting ready for the
beast system with digital dollars,
digital platforms, digital crypto,
digital everything. And it's all getting
set up for the end times. So we're
doing our job,
and we're seeing prayer change
things. And I'm just encouraged today by
it. But as we see them assemble and go
over in the Middle East, then Putin
said, 'Oh, I don't want the peace
agreement. I don't want to stop
the fighting and all the stuff going on
with Ukraine. We're not going to do that
yet.'He
called it off after 30 days
because he didn't like what they
were
saying. I told you there would be an
uprising. I
saw that missile, whatever it is,
that will be used in Warsaw, Poland;
it was a very serious
counter-strike
to a decision that's being made
now. Is that still on the table? I
believe so. Because as time goes
by, as all this is going on... I had somebody
send me an email saying, 'Hey, China
actually developed a thing that's
worse than a nuclear missile.'And this
is actually, since
they're being buddies with Russia, this is
something that we've never seen before
being used on this earth. And this
sucker is bad. This thing
is very, very destructive. So we
see these things in the spirit that are
trying to come to pass through China,
through Russia, through North Korea. And
I said as we see a China that
is desperate, they use North Korea as a
pawn to be the ones that are like the...
because they're
already social pariahs, they would use
them in the days ahead to try to inflict
a Pearl Harbor event. So we have our
prayer assignments to stop war is what
I'm trying to say. I rehearse all this
to tell you these are more prayer
assignments for you that are seasoned to
go after it and let's stop this. But
let's turn this economy
more. Today was a rally. We saw
a massive gain. This is the golden
window. Do you understand? This is the
window that the Lord is talking about
saying, 'Brandon, pray for a window of
opportunity for the wealth of the sinner
laid up for the righteous.'Now, if
you've had certain stocks today, I
guess I don't know, I don't own stocks,
but I'm sure there's some people that
made quite a bit of money today because
they went up a whole bunch, right? And
we saw crypto start to go way up and it
started going up and you see it go 50
cents on some and everything else
and you go, 'Whoa, today's been a good
day for some people.'So, not everybody
if you don't have that
stuff, but it's still interesting to
watch. The Lord said, 'I'm going to give
you a golden age, a window of
opportunity.'And
I saw Ronald
Reagan's face. And Brandon, we've
studied this out; whenever the Lord
showed us Ronald, he showed me Ronald
Reagan's face and I saw the Berlin Wall
and those things and the
graffiti on the wall. There's so much
that the Lord is saying. I said, 'Lord, what
are you trying to say about Berlin? What
are you saying about Germany? What are
you saying about Trump's face
fading into Ronald Reagan's face
and doing the things that I've seen it
in the natural?'I'm going, 'What is
this?'But
I know it has to do with the
80s
movement, the 80s decade of
how that all transferred and all that
time frame. It was
a changing time frame from the
Cold War and all the things that
were
going on. So I know we're in a new time
frame for these four
years. And people said, 'Brandon, I
thought you said the Lord was
coming.'I
said, 'Watch the Shmita
cycle.'I'm
looking for the
Shmita
cycle. Study Jonathan Cahn and Mark Biltz.
A four-year
window. The four-year window
ends
in
2028, the end of Trump's presidency. A
four-year
window. The Lord said, 'I'm giving
you a four-year window to pray over,
to bring in a harvest of souls, for a
great shaking will take place in this
season, Brandon, for a major
harvest.'You'll
see this. And he talked to me
about the plague. He talked to me about
the things coming with this virus.
Folks, I'm telling you that's something
that's very serious to pray about, this
virus. It's very serious. It's a
bubonic
plague, like Black Death serious virus.
This is something that there's
part of me I know there are some things that we can't stop and there's some
things
we can, and the Lord said we
can lessen things. We can lessen
it. Whenever Sister Billie Brim asked me,
she said, 'Brandon, can we stop the
economy crash in
2025?'whenever
we saw, 'Can we stop
it?'And
in 2024, that October
when I was standing on the stage at the
prayer conference, I felt by the Spirit
of the Lord, he said, 'No, we can
lessen it, but we can pray into
it.'And
I really believe after the more I
prayed into it, the Lord came to me:
'Brandon, believers can change anything
if you really put your
faith to it and hit this
thing.'We
can delay things. There's a lot of
things that can happen. Well, we did.
And the Lord told us, 'I'm going to give
you a window.'And we saw the birthing
pains of it starting to try to happen
with the globalists and all the stuff
going on with the economy then. And then
it shot up with crypto, all these
things. You see this new era of time,
this new like a Ronald Reagan time from
January, February, March, April, May,
now almost June, we see a
new...
it's like a new movie screen, a
changing of the tide, a new global
something. And you see what's going
on. We're going to make America
great again. We see it. He's putting the
pieces back together of the rocket ship.
It's all happening before your face. It
doesn't work as good as what it could,
but it's building back for
what he had because of how bad the debt
was, how bad things
were. And he was thinking with an
anointed mind like Solomon on how to fix
things. Remember I told you all these
things. And I saw him lining up with
Israel trying to help Israel out, and we
saw another hostage released today. There
are
so many things happening all at
once. So, let's take communion and pray.
So, Father, we lift up the body
before you. We thank you, Lord, that
you took all sickness and disease for
us. And Father, we lift up this body and
we're so thankful for what you did for
us. And we thank you, Father, that we
receive it by faith. Everything you set
out to do, God, you accomplished on
that cross for us. Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord, that
we're healed and whole and well in the
name of Jesus. And we take this body by
faith and we receive it. And we
thank you, Lord, according to Galatians,
that Christ has redeemed us from
the curse of the law. And we give you
all the glory, honor, and praise for it
in Jesus'name. So, Father, we lift up
the blood, and if we make
much of the blood, the blood makes much
of us. We thank you, Lord, that we
confess our sins, and you are faithful
and just to forgive us of our sins and
cleanse us from all unrighteousness. And
we take this blood before we enter in by
the blood of the lamb and by the word of
our testimony. We thank you, Lord, that
we're redeemed. We're redeemed from the
curse of the law. And we thank you,
Lord, that we're healed and whole and
well in the name of Jesus. Mentally,
emotionally, physically, financially, we
are healed and whole and well in the
mighty name of Jesus. And we thank you,
Father, for the blood right now.
Amen. Thank you,
Lord. It's the blood that never
loses its power. One drop of blood, he
saved us from all of it. Thank you,
Lord. He saved us. He delivered us. He
made us whole and healed and well.
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the
law. Christ has redeemed me from the
curse of the law. I'm not under the
curse. I'm not under the curse. Jesus
has set me free. For sickness, I have
health. For poverty, wealth. For Christ
has ransomed me. I'm not under the
curse. I'm not under the curse. Jesus
has set me free. For sickness, I have
health. For poverty, wealth, for Christ
has ransomed me. Christ paid the price
of the broken law. He paid the price for
me. Do you understand? He paid the price
for you and me. We don't have to be
under the curse anymore. We don't have
to live underneath the curse of the law.
Galatians says, 'And Christ
redeemed us from the curse of the
law.'So,
Father,
we thank you, Lord, for the
blood. We thank you, Lord, for what you
did for us. Thank you, Lord, that you've
redeemed us by the blood of the
lamb. Father, I thank you, Lord. Now,
Father, I lift up President Trump before
you. We enter into the throne room.
Father, we thank you, Lord. There's a
great turnaround coming in the spirit
realm for us. Father, I thank you, Lord,
that there are supernatural
manifestations and demonstrations of the
glory on us. For as he is, so are we in
this world. And we call those things
that be not as though they were. And we
say we're blessed in the city, in the
field, coming in and going out.
Father, we can do all things
through Christ who gives us strength.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for
your greater works. Thank you, Lord,
that we'll do those greater works. Thank
you, Lord, that you called us for such a
time as this to pray and to lift up the
name of Jesus throughout all the world.
And you, Father, you said to go into all
the world, preach the gospel, and then
the end will come. We thank you, Lord,
that we're the greatest
generation that ever lived in this earth
to bring in the greatest harvest of
souls all for the glory of God. We thank
you, Lord, that we're anointed and
appointed for such a time as this.
Father, we're not going to shrink
back as cowards, but Father, we're
taking the land for Jesus. Father, I
thank you, Lord.
Now I just saw that when I was praying
this right then I started seeing over to
pray for England and the persecution for
the Christians. Now I see by the spirit
of the Lord when I'm talking to you all
about the stinger of the scorpion
that I saw in the spirit about King
Charles and the scorpion tail that went
from England to
Canada. And the spirit of the Lord is
showing me this is about persecution of
witchcraft concerning Christians and
suppressing freedom of speech and
religion. And this is a spirit that will
be connected
to Canada and Australia, not so much in
Australia. It will try to take root a
little bit, but we will attack this and
say no to this. As I saw it stretch into
Canada, this will bring forth
more of a suppression of not being
able to talk out and say things in
public places about freedom of religion
and talking about Jesus, praying and
doing things like how they're
trying to shut it down in England. But
this is a spirit that's coming from the
king that I saw. There was a scorpion
tail and it tried to strike Canada,
strike Australia. Now, how he has
influence, I have no idea, but I saw it
was a spirit that was connected to the
throne. Does it make sense? I saw this.
So, we pray for Canada. There will be
uprisings in the days ahead with
Canadians saying, 'You're not stealing
our freedom to be able to talk about
Jesus.'Okay,
you know what, folks? What
I just saw about King Charles and that
stinger tail, the Lord said, 'Don't
attack this with English. You need to
pray in tongues over
this.'So,
I'm not going to attack this
in English. I'm going to pray in the
spirit for a perfect prayer because this
needs to be strategic in how you pray.
I don't want to get into the flesh and
pray anything out of whack
because this is how serious this is
because of who he is and what I saw in
the spirit about him right then. And so
I'm not going to attack it with English.
I'm going to pray in the spirit
and it will come right up out of our
spirits and God's going to lead us on
how to pray for this, and you pray with
me in the spirit if you know how.
So, Father, we lift up this before you
and we thank you, Lord, that we
are going to stop whatever we can with
this. And we know we have authority. We
have authority and we're going to
maneuver this around and we're going to
expose the darkness and we're going to
bring forth light that we can get the
gospel in England, we can get it in all
these areas because I see it trying to go in these areas and we're not going to have
it in Canada and we're not going to have
it in Australia and we're
not going to have it spread throughout
all of
Europe. We're not going to have this
because we're going to preach the
gospel and the end will come.
Persecution comes for the word's sake,
but we're not going to allow that,
right? That's what we're going to
believe
for. So, we're going to pray in the
spirit for a good 15 minutes. And if the
Lord shows us anything, that's what
we're going to do.
Father, you lead, I
follow. You lead, I follow. Do the dance
like you taught me before. Father, we
dance. We dance. We dance. We follow the
dance. Don't rush
it.
Now I'm
seeing an old
English-style house like an old English
manor; it looks like green
trees are trying to cover it
up and hide it in the
forest. Now I don't know what that means
but I'm going to go
with it for a minute and see what the
Lord's showing me here. It's like an
old England, going all the way back. And
now I see the Lord showing me old
roofs. Old straw
roofs. It's like the dark
ages.
The very freedoms you take for
granted, the very freedoms you don't
hold fast to, you
lose. You hold fast to it.
It comes with a
price. Freedom comes with a
price. Freedom comes with a price. And
over generations, the ones that take
it for granted, the enemy comes in to
put that same boot of pressure from
like in the dark ages going all the way back into the dark ages. I see it going clear back
that there was a bout
of
heaviness, this darkness that was on the
people, which they fought to
get out from underneath.
They got out from underneath
that heaviness. They fought for it,
for revival comes out of a heavy,
dark
time. A lot of times, I'm seeing this by
the Spirit of the Lord,
revival comes out of
oppression. It comes out of people who have
said, 'Enough's
enough,'fighting
for the freedoms that
they once had, fighting for freedoms
that people tried to take from
you.
It's almost like
you're going through
a
desert spiritually. You feel
it
as you're praying into England. As I'm
praying into England, as I'm praying into a freshness—like you're
going through the Mojave Desert—it's
like you can feel the dryness
there. I can feel it.
It's like
you're pushing for that
fresh water over those people. I can
feel it as you're pushing against that,
saying no to King Charles
and that demonic influence holding
back the religion, holding back like a
stronghold trying to keep the Gospel out
from their ears.
But when I'm pushing, it's like
pushing through
mud. Does that make sense to you
all? We call forth the living water
today
for the young Davids to rise up in
England
and
it
goes clear into Ireland. I'm seeing
Ireland right now.
Nothing is too far gone.
I
hear the Spirit of the Lord say,
'It
goes clear into
France. This tentacle goes clear into
France.
Now it goes into
Germany.'I'm
praying over the new Prime Minister
of
Canada.
I
hear
the Spirit of the Lord say,
'If you're praying for England,
you're sowing seeds for your country.
You're
sowing
seeds of revival. When
you're believing for somebody else's
need, you're sowing seeds for your need.
As you pray in the spirit for
yours, you might say, "Well, this
doesn't
have anything to do with me. I
live in Poland. That
doesn't
have
anything
to do with me."No. You're
sowing
seeds by faith into what you're
praying for and you'll reap a harvest
for your country as you sow into it. Do
you understand? I'm hearing this by the
Spirit of the Lord. So, you're praying
for Canada,
Australia, and England,
but not only
are you helping them, you're
reaping back
fruit for America,
China, Asia, and all
over Africa. You're praying and
believing, and as you help lift a
brother out, you're sowing
for yourself
because God
sees it.
It's coming
up out of your spirit.
God hears it all;
He
knows it, and it all comes
out. Do not say, "Well, this is a
waste."No,
you're believing for your brother and
sister, and
you're sowing
on
behalf of them.
That's what you're doing right now.
We're turning this in the
spirit realm because
it starts going like
tentacles,
and we don't give up. We say,
"We're believing for revival all
over the world."It's because
people have not had a
backbone to
stand for the Word. Preachers have lost
their
salt.
When you lose your salt, people don't
get thirsty because salt causes us
to draw for the living water. And if
that living water is not being
dished out because you lost
your
saltiness, that's what happens. Then
this demonic blanket tries to come in
over these nations to suffocate the
Gospel.
I see it
when I'm going into it. I saw those
English houses with the straw
roofs and the old Tudor style homes with
ivy growing. It was all
trying to grow up around them and
suffocate the life out of these houses.
It was
like the Dark Ages.
They're trying to bury it.
When you have shrubbery and
things grow up around a house,
it
means nobody is taking care of
it. You're losing ground because it's
being buried. Christianity is trying to
be buried by foliage. The Dark
Ages are
trying to
come
back over
England. Maybe
there's a lot more to
this—why
there's green and shrubbery all
around these
houses. I know that means life, but
at the same time, it means there's no
maintenance.
Somebody needs to prune it back and
make
it look
nice because
it's not being maintained
by the body of Christ. No,
we're going to have revival.
There needs to be
more prayer.
All's not lost. There's
a new wave coming.
I hear the sound of an abundance
of rain coming.
The enemy thought he won, but I'm going
to bring one more wave that's coming.
It will go from sea to shining
sea. All throughout Europe, you will see
the glory of the Lord rise upon
you.
The glory of the
Lord is risen on
you.
Arise and shine, for the light has come,
and the glory of the Lord is risen upon
you. And now I see upon a wall a
spout
of water
shooting out of this
wall.
It's the clearest looking water coming
out of this wall,
from
the very foundation
of the Word.
All throughout Europe, all throughout
the
land. It's not a coincidence. You see
the great
shaking
that will bring you to your
knees.
Pope Francis went home on
Easter;
this was a sign.
I see
Notre-Dame
in France.
I see the bells
ringing in France.
They
are
ringing all throughout
the land.
I see great
revival
spreading
throughout Africa.
As far as the eye can see,
the greatest
harvest you will see.
All over Africa, you will see a
great revival.
I see witch doctors
and
satanic practices; I see them burning
their witchcraft
and
their satanic
rituals in
barrels.
They're giving their hearts to
Jesus. I see them burning
witchcraft. Witch doctors are
getting
afraid.
Coming from the earth, I see gold
deposits. I see gold and jewels coming
out of the
ground. I see gold. I see gold
and
emeralds.
The emeralds are on top of
the
gold—green
stones
upon the
gold. I see old mesquite trees
and
sandy soil.
There
are
believers who are
believing for this wealth
transfer. They are asking the
Lord for the wealth transfer, and I see
the Lord is leading them to the gold
deposits and emeralds. I see gold. Do
they even have gold and emeralds in
Africa? I see emeralds the size of
your
fist—huge,
massive stones that
have never been seen before.
Gold nuggets and gold
deposits are being found in
the
land,
with
emeralds the size of baseballs.
Massive, purest emeralds.
I see a lot of corruption around
this. These people are
like
pirates—evil
men
who
have taken this wealth from the
people, keeping money from them.
There is
so much
poverty. In this poverty, there
are African
cartels, like the drug cartels from
Mexico.
They
have
hidden
the
wealth.
But I see this ground owned by
ministers who are
secretly
digging and
finding these deposits. They
are
dealing with this discreetly so they
don't tell
the
cartels; they don't want to let
on that they have this. But it
is
God's provision in the time of
drought and famine in Africa
for these
ministers. Don't give up.
In your time of fasting, praying,
and
seeking Me, He is showing
you the secret things of the earth.
It will come
as a river.
I even see
water in places of great drought
coming from the earth—water of
provision, real
drinking water coming
forth out of springs. Supernatural water
reserves are coming up out of the earth for
you where you say, 'Well, there's no
water here. How
can we base a church out of here?'The
water is
there, and
where the water is, the people will
come. I hear the Spirit of the Lord say He
is
bringing you water out of the earth,
and there will be revival around
this water. A natural water He will
provide to bring the living water to
your
tribe. Do you hear what I say to you by
the Spirit of the Lord
today? A supernatural water
is
coming for great
things out of the
depths
of the
earth. We call forth the water, for this
will bring forth a living water
where
you'll never thirst
again. Where there is water,
there is
life.
There will be water
coming
forth out of natural springs in
these dry places, and it will be
an
oasis. The
body of Christ will be on it, and the
people will
come. I hear the
Spirit of the Lord say,
'Oh Father, we call that water out
of the
ground.'Wells
of
living water! Great revival
in Africa!
Emeralds and gold will
be
the supply for
food and water. You
will
bring it in. He
is
going to give you favor on who
to do business with to cash in the gold
and
emeralds so that you are not
caught off guard or hurt by people.
You
must
use wisdom on who you tell
when
you find these gold deposits.
It is
almost like it is just laying
out on the ground. God
is
going to provide supernaturally for you. It
going to raise up the churches; they
are
going to be places of provision
for great revival, and it will spread
throughout Africa.
You say there
has
been such a drought
and
no provision. God is bringing
provision, just like
He did
for
the children of
Israel in the wilderness when
their clothes never
tore or became tattered. There
was an abundant supply of manna and quail each day.
A rock even
sprung forth water. God
is
going to bring water
in the desert. It is not
rain; it is coming right out of
the ground,
bubbling
up.
People will come for the water
and they will get living
water. Hallelujah.
I don't know who I am talking
to, but I rejoice with
you. Gold
in
the least likely place,
a
place that is desolate
and
considered
a
wasteland.
But it is not.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah!
We call it
so in the name of
Jesus.
Praise the
Lord. We could go on with this for quite
a
while.
We
can pick up
again
tomorrow. Thank you, Father.
Glory to God.
Man, when I start singing like
that,
I
am
excited for you. I
excited for my brothers and sisters in
Africa and for England. There
is
going to be a new wave,
a new river. Get ready
for
a
change in
the tide.
Glory to
God. Thank you, Jesus.
We pray this video
blessed you today. If you are new here,
please subscribe. We
are believing
for a
million-person
prayer army to reach the nations for
Jesus and pray for these end times. We
are
getting closer
to 600,000 every day.
Right now, we
are
aiming for
540,000,
then
550,000.
Subscribe if you haven't,
click the notification bell, click the
like button, and comment something nice
to help us with the algorithm. We
truly
appreciate
your support and
your prayers
for my
family.
We
have
been
going through some stuff lately, but I
am
standing, and I know that God
is
standing with me. I am not moved
by what the devil tries to do. So, we
always put a smile on our face and a
song in our heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we
love you too. God bless you all.
See you tomorrow. Bye-bye.